What is the stack that you see people
using with NAD?
>> Actually quite diverse. I think it's
actually probably doesn't make sense
because the nice thing about that system
like in you can dy connect everything to
anything means like there is probably
not kind of this this default stack
people are using like they use literally
any LLM. They use any kind of memory or
vector store or any kind of applications
etc. is just the thing that makes
anything great because I don't know what
LLM is going to win the race in the end.
who's going to be the best one, if it's
going to be one, if it's going to be a
million different ones, is it going to
be a small one, a big one? I have no
idea. But that's the great thing about
NN is like we don't have to care because
the nice thing is you can use what
whatever is best for your use case. Um,
and I think that is what makes it so
powerful.
[Music]
Today we're joined by Yan Overhazer,
founder and CEO of NADN, who is one of
the most remarkable growth stories in
the automation era, quadrupling revenue
in 8 months after 6 years of steady
building. What makes this breakthrough
particularly compelling isn't just the
explosive numbers, but the strategic
pivot that made it possible.
Transforming from a workflow automation
tool into an orchestration layer for AI
powered applications.
Yan discusses the counterintuitive
marketing strategy that abandoned lead
generation to focus on community
adoption, the delicate balance between
serving free users and enterprise
customers, and why he believes
horizontal platforms will ultimately win
over vertical AI applications.
He also shared how their open source
ethos informs how they prioritize what
to build and how to package it and the
importance of fair code usage in
commercializing their technology.
Yan's vision for NADN is to become the
Excel of AI, the default tool people
think of when building anything AI
related. He reveals why empowering
builders at the bottom of the market,
may be the key to capturing enterprise
customers at the top, and why the future
belongs to those who can connect
everything to anything in an
increasingly fragmented AI ecosystem.
Enjoy the show.
So, Yan, hello and welcome. Uh, thank
you for joining us. Um, we've been in
business together for a long time. I
think as far back as 2020, so the early
days of NAN. Um, so we're grateful for
you, you know, being with us and sharing
some of the perspectives. Um, I thought
maybe a good question to kick off with
is just to share a little bit about the
last eight months of really NA10's
history. Um, it's been incredible run.
You added I think four times the revenue
in the last eight months that it took
the first five or six years to really
achieve in the company. So the business
is really ripping. Um, what happened?
What changed?
>> First, thanks for for welcoming me here.
Great to be here. Um to answer your
question what happened I think it's it
comes down to things that we actually
did quite a few years ago actually
almost two by now and I think it's has
been two things one was obviously our
focus on AI it's like when this whole AI
wave started we kind of honestly we were
worried a little bit at the beginning
and we we're not sure what does it
really mean for us and we knew it's
probably going to be mean one of two
things either it's going to be a huge
opportunity or actually the demise of
the company. You obviously want to be
very sure it's going to be one and not
the other. Um then we kind of looked in
the market. It's like what are other
companies doing? And what the most
companies did is they kind of added nice
AI features to the application. And we
kind of realized this probably not the
kind of thing that makes sure we're
going to stay around long term. What is
really important is to kind of become
actually part of the value chain. So
what we did is exactly that. It's kind
of we we we not just added AI features.
We actually allowed people to build AI
powered applications with NM. There's
obviously nothing that the user base or
people kind of realize um overnight like
what NN has become back then and it
obviously takes some time to kind of
catch on and that's where the second
piece comes in. Historically we kind of
focused on on mainly two things
internally at NSN especially kind of in
the marketing department. They always
had like this dual focus on obviously
kind of creating leads but also kind of
making sure like the inbound that that
kind of we get more adoption
which kind of always caused a problem in
the sense of we were always very good in
adoption but at the same time leads
normally fall short. So what happened is
that that the marketing department then
put everything from adoption in leads
just to make sure like we can't make
make that goal as well and that was
problematic because like all the
long-term planning actually went went
away like they couldn't really have the
impact they could have had and we
realized hey we have this amazing
community we have this amazing bottom up
adoption. So instead of actually kind of
forcing something that's not really true
to us we just really focus on on what
was already working with this is really
focusing on this kind of top of the
funnel. That's what we did. we kind of
removed the the lead goal. We actually
exchange it with like an adoption of of
large organization just with went all in
the in the community and making sure
like as many people as possible are
using NN and it kind of also is another
thing that you can decide and and you
you make the change but it's nothing is
kind of happens overnight. You actually
have to quite you have a lot of trust in
that and you have to kind of really
double down and and kind of wait because
the things kind of take some time to
mature and that's actually the thing
that actually happened like it matured
to kind of really double down. we kind
of empowered our community more. We
created more events. We created more
content. Um and that is then in the end
this thing that materialized especially
in the beginning and the end of last
year in December is where the market
finally realized that we have become
this AI tool but also kind of the
community especially around on YouTube
where more people created more and more
content. Obviously more content people
create the more other people want to
create content the better it gets gets
ranked and then everything kind of
started to explode. I had an amazing
story at our board meeting a couple of
weeks ago, Yan, that you have YAN focus
time on long flights and you actually
coded the first version of that AI nodes
product flying back from San Francisco.
Is that true?
>> No, actually I created quite a few
things on on on planes in the past. That
thing I didn't create on planes or
trains. I think I always love the time.
Honestly, right now I'm I always love
that to be honest, but now I also feel
like destroying more than actually
helpful. just I kind of create more like
MVPs or something like that. I play
around rather than actually adding
production code on planes and trains
anymore which is sad
>> on dodgy Wi-Fi
>> maybe. Yeah. And if you can take us back
to 2019 I think it was just you sort of
founder entrepreneur when you went out
and raised your preede round.
>> What was kind of the aspect the origin
story that really stands out to you?
What has really stayed the same from day
one of NA and what has really changed
over that time frame? I think what
always stayed true is for sure the kind
of focus on the community like actually
the first people like in the first week
in in April a few people started and one
of the first people that started was a
deafel because I always knew like if if
you want to make sure that ended and
becomes meaningful and kind of becomes
the company like I wanted to build I
really have to kind of make sure kind of
I I invest in the community very early
on think that it kind always stayed
true. I think another thing is probably
something around values. We always
actually I also have to be try to be as
honest and upfront about things um as
possible. We also see that for example
in our license. You probably have seen
like we never call ourselves open source
because we don't have an OC approved
open source license. What does it mean?
Means our source code is available
everywhere can use it totally for free.
They cannot even use it in in
production. that they innovative is a
somebody home privately or somebody in
large organization everybody can use it
what is however different in our license
is that people cannot commercialize our
code means nobody can just take our code
and often like now hosted version of NN
for example or kind of create XY Z set
automator in the product why is it
important because I saw a lot of
organization in the past like open
source organizations kind of changing
license
And people obviously got very angry and
they really hated that. And what I
thought was quite interesting is people
didn't hate it because of the license
that the companies chose. People were
mainly angry because people like this
company changed the rules and that's
never nice. And so what I thought, hey,
I think it's a very reasonable thing. So
I'm just very honest and upfront about
it from the very beginning. I said, hey,
I'm not building NN and giving it away
for free because I'm a good person. Like
I actually want to build a business
around it. I want to make sure I can get
paid. I can be I want to make sure all
the other people can get paid as well
because I actually think it's in the
interest of everybody. So that is why I
chose a D. I think that's we always had
state very true uh around that. Again
now getting to the second part of your
question is like what changed thing is
definitely like around like what what
what we started at is like as mentioned
before like we started as this kind of
automation tool. Honestly I never have
thought that we would AI ever. It's like
never even crossed my mind that we would
go into the AI space. But I think in the
end it's like sometimes you see
opportunities out there and you just
have to take them and else I think it
makes difference between building some a
big sustainable company that really
matters and or probably building a kind
of a started at some point um this goes
out of business sadly.
>> Yeah, you've done a masterful job on the
community building aspect of NAD and you
mentioned the values which I'm sure were
really critical to earning the trust of
your community. Can you also talk a bit
about the tactics? Um, it's kind of the
constant push and pull of trying to kind
of shape or curate the community while
also really trying to listen and you
know and see where they want to go. How
tactically how have you managed the
community over the years? I
>> think for the very beginning it was very
important for me just to kind of include
people. For example, we in the beginning
we didn't have any not telemetry data at
all. that we didn't collect any
telemetry which was always fine in the
very beginning but obviously as as a
company grows you kind of initially need
data to kind of improve the product very
fast again that's again makes a
difference between a company that
survives or one that doesn't so we had
to add talent creator another thing we
at the edge was as someone we obviously
added paid features um and every time we
made a bigger change we kind of um kind
of posted it to the community forum
first we kind of what like we we shared
with them what we wanted to do gave them
the reason why we wanted to do it Um,
and then kind of listen to their
feedback. I think that is just kind of
taking them with you when you're doing
something. I think that's just that's a
very important thing. And another thing
is definitely kind of trying to kind of
empower them actually like one of the
earliest eden employees was Ricardo.
Ricardo is he is this amazing guy
working in Florida and he was the first
one of the first coders to end. He
discovered a product on product hunt and
he just started to kind of create one
note then he created two notes created
three notes and every time he
contributed something I said hey that's
great thank you very much and then I
kind of um gave feedback I I improved
things and he learned and he was excited
and created more nodes and at some point
he created like 50 or 60 notes like
integrations for
um then obviously as soon as I had the
first Monday banker I hired him I think
it's really just very important you kind
of show people that you care and take
them with you and and kind of show how
how much you value them. I think I
really hope people keep the community
really knows how much we value them. We
try to give back a lot. I think that's
generally I think this kind of even
though we're not open source, we have
this this open source ethos where you
kind of really give a lot first and I
think you normally get so much more back
than you actually receive. We see the
same thing again also with our community
today where we just say like we empower
you and then they create all of this
amazing content no matter if it's on
YouTube on LinkedIn they create
tutorials I think that that worked out
very well this something they're still
doing to this day has there been a shift
in I mean given the scale of the
community today right it's hundreds of
thousands of members in size has there
been a change in how you try and surface
the right information or the right ideas
and how you choose which to prioritize
coming from that community Nice. Yeah,
in the beginning was definitely easier.
Like in the beginning like I I didn't
really worry about monetization at all.
So I just wanted to make sure I build
the best product and I just built things
that people really wanted. So I could
literally from the very beginning we had
a community forum where people could add
feature requests and people could upload
the ones they wanted to wanted to have
the most. That is literally kind of how
we chose very early on what to build.
This unless this was something totally
out of whack. We we we normally build it
because we knew people really build that
very much. Um and that works worked
actually for quite a while. Um, at some
point you have to get a bit more
opinionated where you not just kind of
building what the community wants, but
we actually have to kind of think about
like where the market is going also how
you kind of build something again that's
that's sustainable that again especially
also something what honestly also kind
of larger organizations use as well and
also just generally where you see the
market going and I think that's what
what we're doing right now. We try to
find a good mix between what are people
really asking for and what do we think
we have to build to be successful in the
long term both because like something
like uh AI but also again what for
example enterprise organizations need.
>> You mentioned earlier toward the start
of the conversation that you had this
sort of makeorb breakak moment in the
early days of AI where you realized that
AI was either going to be the future of
NAN or I think the word you used was the
demise the demise of NAN. Um, can you
take us back to that moment? Like what
did you see that made you realize how
important an inflection point in the
trajectory of the company this is going
to be? And then what did you do to
figure out how to position in so well
with respect to these AI tailwinds?
>> One thing I I saw is I saw it was the
funding announcement of um pine cone
where so I think they raised like a
hundred million dollar round or
something like that. They also saw that
they kind of waste around a year before
at like some point before and I was
wondering like what changed it's like
why why a companies suddenly care so
much about them and then I realized
again it was exactly that it's like what
they were in the past is they were the
vector database what they become they
became deep database for AI that's
thought hey that's where I really say we
have to do something very similar with
as well that's exactly what we did what
we also did on this in the past and what
the most of of our competitors did is
they kind of created an OpenAI node. A
node that kind of connected via HTTP did
requests to OpenAI and you could do
quite some nice things with it. You can
still do it up to this point in time.
But what we however realized is that is
honestly not enough like you can do
quite nice use cases but the really
powerful things are not possible. you
really have to be able to kind of create
proper agents like change auto promps,
add tools, um add a vector database, um
and and and output parses and all of the
the things. And that is um when we then
kind of built out our advanced AI
functionality where we where we allowed
people to do the things in and at in
this kind of low code, no code way that
was previously only possible writing
Python scripts. We kind of drastically
reduced the entry barrier for people to
build things and also reduce the speed
because the stuff has histo been quite
finicky honestly like you connected A
with B and it didn't work and and and
it's taking away all of those pain
points and it takes care about it
underneath the hood and you just click a
few times add an agent add a model add
the memory and so on and it's working
magically.
>> Yeah. And talking about you know
companies that share I guess an open
source ethos um across AI obviously the
role of open source I think is changing
across the industry at large. We've seen
obviously a lot of headlines coming out
of meta out of Mistral um open AI
released there GPT you know open source
version etc. What are just some
perspectives you can share on how you
perceive the state of open source in AI
more generally and maybe how do you see
its role changing in the future? I think
the great thing that was we always had
about with open source is it's like it's
it's kind of it's driving very rapid
innovation in the end like because you
have like this kind of huge army of
people that really really care very
deeply. They're very smart and very
often have a lot of time and they kind
of do things that organizations can very
often not do because again they they
have very different incentives or have
very different um timelines or have
it silly doesn't work like then I think
the nice thing about open source is like
you can do whatever you want and you can
explore things that maybe wouldn't even
make sense in a company setting. So I
actually think like open source is like
really this amazing thing that that kind
of opens up the world to very many
different possibilities in the end like
some of them bins didn't a lot of open
source projects never make it to
anything. Obviously this the ones nobody
talks about but some of them they kind
of hit something and that those are the
kind of the ones that really kind of
matter and kind of really shape kind of
very often the whole industry in the
end.
>> Maybe a follow-up question to that Yan I
mean do you see a shift in the role of
open source? I mean do you see that
companies I mean today might be using
some of these open source technologies
to save money to save costs but maybe
actually having more control inside of
organizations over the performance of
models might be a value proposition that
evolves in the future.
>> Definitely very very much I think like
first I'm not sure like first if open
source is that very often is the
cheapest thing I think this is kind of
misconception is actually very often not
true. I think you get you win a lot of
things like being able to kind of
selfhost knowing where data is stored
and and and and what's happening with I
think there's a lot of value there but
rare of is actually the cheapest thing
of is actually the more expensive thing
because you have hardware that's
probably idle for 99% of the time and
this actually kind of turns out to be
more expensive so actually I'm not sure
if that's actually true but uh the
second part I think is true I think
people care about it more and more like
we actually work now with a few
organizations and that's actually the
main reason why they wanted to use open
source is not because it's free. It's
because actually they care about the
data privacy and data security angle and
I think that's also what we always
historically of seeing with it and very
often it's like people want to kind of
self-host and want to know um where the
data is stored um and admit themsel
cloud but obviously in their own private
cloud.
>> Yeah. Yeah, one I think noticeable shift
over the last couple of years, something
that of course NA I'm sure has been a
beneficiary of is just improvements in
the communication protocols between
different systems and different models
and obviously MCP is a you know
high-profile candidate that has really
driven the industry forwards. Can you
talk a little bit about that kind of
kind of how you see the changing role of
some of these protocols in the future
and and where you think they might
evolve? I
>> think that if you kind of standardize
you kind of in the end you kind of
accelerate things. I think that's very
important even addressingly if the
standard is maybe not perfect I think it
still adds so much value and I think if
MCP is going to be the the one you're
going to use in a few years I have no
idea but I think it's great to have like
a starting point and kind of you kind of
can build on top um in the end MCP is
like the HTTP of the AI of AI workflows
I think that's really amazing I think
it's kind of it will enable it already
enables now things like agent to agent
and it kind of it's a kind of building
blocks you actually need for this kind
of more powerful
um use cases like for example you had
marketplaces or like plug and play
automations and I think N&N can act as
the kind of the orchestration layer
between this kind of MCP agents and and
tools and also obviously NN is also the
best kind of platform to build also
tools that you can um access um with MCP
as well
>> actually on that Yan we haven't we
haven't really done the straightforward
what is inaden So for somebody listening
who has a passing knowledge of NAD but
wasn't sure exactly what it is, what is
NADN and when should people think about
it when building an AI? I think Nad is
by now probably the the easiest to use
most powerful way to build AI agents
right now. I think is it allows you kind
of again build things you previously
never even thought you were able you
could build. I think like the nice thing
about you can go very fast from a a
first idea you have to a first prototype
and then bring that prototype into into
production.
>> What is the stack that you see people
using within ADM?
>> Actually quite diverse. The the nice
thing about that system like NN is you
can actually connect everything to
anything. There is probably not kind of
this this default stack people are using
like they use literally any LLM. they
use any kind of memory or vector store
or any kind of application except it's
just the thing that makes LM great
because like honestly like I don't know
what LLM is going to win the race in the
end who's going to need the best one if
it's going to be one of it's going to be
a million different ones it's going to
be a small one a big one I have no idea
but that's the great thing about NL is
like we don't have to care because the
nice thing is you can use what whatever
is best for your use case um and I think
that is what makes it so powerful
>> any interesting observations on what's
been trending positive or negative in
the in universe.
>> What people definitely use quite a lot
is honestly still like all the kind of
Google tools. Google is definitely still
I think the one the the kind of
application you could can use every like
people use the private in Dutch
organization. I think that's the amazing
thing. So we definitely see this
probably one of the the the strongest
ones. We definitely also see a lot of
this kind of communication platforms. if
it's a Slack or Telegram or anything
like that, it's also going to make sense
especially in this kind of AI world
because you obviously need like an
interface how you kind of interact with
with the agents you build and I think
that is probably a few to call out but
apart from that obviously also things
like just databases any kind of again
the nice thing about and you can connect
um literally anything so it's not just
kind of applications also kind of low
one lowle things as well and also
honestly very often also internal tools
as well
>> one of the um nice things about Nadin is
you struck a good balance between the
sort of flexibility, customization,
control that a developer might want with
the ease of use that somebody who's less
technical might want. Has your user base
changed kind of the complexion of the
Nadian user base? Has it changed as
you've gotten more and more AI adoption?
It's quite interesting like when
actually our user base started to
explode like since the last eight months
we were really wondering if if those
people are really going to be the most
successful like if if the quality
actually dropped and quality doesn't
mean obviously it's bad people it's just
like the kind of people that are
successful with it and and they didn't
which was quite surprising like really
people that are quite either already
quite technical or people that really
like have a use case and they care very
deeply about what they're building and
they're just waiting to put put in their
work. Like maybe they're not as
technical when when they when they kind
of enter, but they have a problem they
really want to solve. And we of actually
quite a few users that actually started
to learn to code because of end. And why
do they do that? Because they can
realize, hey, I can do as that much like
if if I if I'm technical but I cannot
code but cannot code but I can literally
go anywhere if I can code. kind of this
whole new world opens up that is
actually by didn't change that much and
I think that's that's really amazing.
There's so many technical people out
there and people are really interested.
I think our our community is really
amazing just the ideas they're having,
how driven they are and how much they
also want to help each other out. I
think that's just great.
>> Yan, do you think with the proliferation
of adoption of many of these different
AI technologies, the pressures are
different on being a founder in 2025?
I mean, you've lived it over the last
eight months.
>> Yeah, I think that the it definitely
changed things. I think the main thing
is like the past it was easier to plan
and know where you're going and right
now you're always living in this
constant
I wouldn't call it fear but kind of
constant state of uncertainty where the
world is moving. You have to be really
willing to kind of like you have to find
a you have to strike a very good balance
between not missing anything important
but at the same time not jump on
anything that's coming up your way and I
think that is definitely much harder it
feels like than it was in the past.
>> Given that how do you think the signals
that you get as a CEO have changed in
terms of how you weight them? I mean
even things like you know the usage you
see across the business or the revenue
being generated you know in different
parts of the company. How do you sort of
assess the sort of durability of that
and make sure you're investing behind
the right things?
>> And that that's actually probably talks
about um something we I think it's
generally quite important. So definitely
harder in in kind of this open source
world we having is we have like we have
obviously we have some use cases that
generate revenues like with enterprises
and we have a lot of of of people that
that use the product for free and we
never generate revenues with them. But
honestly none more is more important
than the other one because like one is
obviously is going to help us directly
but the other one is the thing that
drives all of it. So it means like we
have to strike a very good balance
between both of them. And honestly
normally I leaning much more heavily
into kind of for example I guess you
obviously ask about question about
signals but I think it's important point
is like I normally lean much more
heavily in kind of giving away more for
free because again everything we give
away for free kind of makes the whole
product better for literally everybody
and drives more adoption and also drives
more revenues in the long term versus
everything we build for the enterprise
organizations obviously just kind of
helps a subset of the users. I think we
think we it's still important to do both
and I think you have to listen to to
both very closely but also I think it's
around timing in the end. It's like
right now I think it's really about
capturing the markets and we have to
listen what do people really want to
build and I think what is important is
to really capture the market generally
and literally capture like the smallest
builder out there because we already
what we obviously
we get into the largest organizations
out there. What I think is impossible is
if you now focus very heavily on
enterprise only um and I think we can
never go then downwards again. I think
nobody like no nobody went from
enterprise to to kind of owning a space
and I think that is again also Google
started the same way as well that maybe
own quite quite quite a lot the same
with Microsoft as well but you have to
start in in the right direction there
>> you know right now we're seeing this
explosion of people building with AI
capabilities
over the last few years we've seen an
explosion in the AI capabilities
themselves
and so the question is is that
technological foundation the AI
capabilities themselves.
Do you think that that is still
innovating at the same rate it has over
the last few years or are we finally
asmmptoing in terms of the capabilities
coming out of foundation models or out
of the open source world? Do you have a
point of view on that?
>> I think probably looking at GT5
I think it definitely feels like it's
slowing down which kind of makes sense.
I think it's not very often what what
happens is like there's there's some
more lowhanging fruits in the beginning
than than the later point in time and
you can again you can throw more compute
power and more data for quite a while
but at some point you kind of max out
there and and at some point it just
becomes too much. So I think definitely
kind of peace count is slowing down.
However, just think this more as a kind
of a temporary thing because there's so
much money in the market right now where
people exploring a lot of different
things and and some of them are still
very early and I think that they're not
at the right stage yet. But I think as
as some of them were coming to that kind
of to the right stage, I think we're
going to see probably another
acceleration.
>> I mean I'm maybe building on that to
Pat's question. I mean we're seeing more
code being written by machines, right? a
more end to-end agent to agent
automation. How does that change the
positioning of NAD? How do you think
about areas you'll invest maybe given
that future?
>> I think one thing is I think it's
probably talks a little bit to the kind
of role as as as a developer like in the
in the past a developer was somebody
that kind of built something for you.
It's like you said, hey, I need X and
they built X for you. Now with tools
like N and all of the VI coding tools,
that's changing.
see developers more as the the people
that kind of generate kind of create the
guard rails for you, the people that
empower you to build the things you
actually want and need. And I think that
is is really amazing. Honestly, it also
plays exactly what it was always about.
It always it was always about empowering
people and it's I think it's great. I
think literally every developer is can
is kind of going into the role of
empowering other people to to build the
things they actually want and need. Yes.
developer. Obviously, I still have the
the VIP coders and and other people like
that. They're not going to build
everything. They're still gonna roll for
the the classical engineer, but I really
love that kind of world where people are
empowered and the people that have the
problems are the best equipped to kind
of solve them themselves. And I think
that's the kind of world where we're
going and I think that's that the
engineers and developers are definitely
a very important part for that.
>> I mean, Yan, something I think we'd love
to know your opinion on. I'm sure a lot
of people listening are struggling
between building, you know, verticalized
applications that solve a very acute use
case versus kind of having broader
platform visions, right, for their
companies. Nad is the horizontal of
horizontal tools, right? In many ways,
how do you see the positioning changing
given some of those dynamics of some of
these very vertical applications and
then some of the more horizontal tools
coming out of the labs and the like?
>> Yeah, I think like vertical is obviously
amazing. if you had like one very
specific use case that do this one thing
perfectly and that can do it much better
than than every horizontal tool and al
obviously that's exactly what happened
with with SAS
like in the SAS world like they have a
vert like a vertical application for
literally everything that is again why
we had the need for something like edit
because you have to kind of bring it all
of them together again I think there's
also a limit what also probably happens
more and more in AI right now where
people build this kind of very vertical
um tools as well. But as this happening
there again the complexity increases
again and you either need kind of
another orchestration tool or they kind
of you need a horizontal tool that kind
of built everything for you again. So
either kind of again you bring all those
tools together or you use a more
horizontal tool to kind of um build this
thing in in this one tool rather than
kind of a million different ones. And
again I think that's again why we
obviously feels like in a very good
position there because again we I think
we no matter which how which way is
going to turn out I think we are very
well positioned for that world
>> if everything goes right
what will naden be in five or 10 years
what role will naden play in the world
>> the idea is always like for very many
different reasons they always compared n
to excel they always thought about hey
if people 15 years ago they heard
spreadsheet they thought about excel
And if if people in a few years think
about hey I have to build AI have to do
anything with AI the only thing that
should come to mind is N. So I see more
kind of this kind of default
orchestration layer like what is kind of
platform from everything to building to
deploying and and where you find your
agents um anything like that and think
that is is where I think it's kind of
naturally evolved. I think we are very
very well positioned as we already kind
of starting to be like the default
building tool already. So Yan, you know,
you build a remote first company,
obviously centered in Europe, but but
with global ambitions. Um, just talk a
little bit about, you know, thinking
about going into the US and kind of
building the team and scaling the
organization over the last year. Like
obviously we started in Europe and the
whole team was based here which we
always was quite interesting like even
though we were based in Europe like our
user base was always very global like
for quite a long time Europe and the US
had the same size even though we
honestly didn't provide our US customers
the best experience it definitely shows
there like a very very big need in the
US that's why we also right now expanded
in the US and we actually just right now
opening our um office in New York and
this also why we're hiring quite a lot
like especially in the US But literally
like also guess say worldwide literally
everything from ancient years to people
in support and and and especially a lot
of people in the in the go to market
orc. I think it's also kind of the the
thing that gets me excited is like I
think not many European organization
kind of have the possibility to really
build something really global and
something that really matters. I think
and is probably one of the orcs I think
that has quite a lot of potential. It's
nice to see that we are now finally kind
of going that direction and um kind of
also kind of capture the US and taking
that market over as well.
>> And and maybe to wrap um we'd love to
ask some kind of rapid firefire
questions just to get your your take on
a couple of key themes. Um I think one
just from your reflections of the last
six years, what's maybe one of the
hardest truths you learned about Yan as
a founder CEO?
>> One thing is probably
I really don't like to say no. there's
so many different things out there and I
think that is I think very often it
turned out to be okay like to kind of do
a lot of stuff in parallel standards in
hindsight is actually didn't turn out
that well interestingly I think the most
things very luckily turned out to to be
quite well so I'm very lucky there but I
think also has turned out very
differently and I think for the most
comedies actually turns out very
differently
>> we want you to keep taking those big
swings
>> what is one must readad or mustwatch
piece of content and in AI blog book
show
>> like I still love her it's just a movie
I think it's just yeah I think it's just
this this thing is where I think what I
think especially amazing about it is
like a few years ago it it was sci-fi
and it's now suddenly this thing that is
just around the corner that's why I just
love it I think that's also a great
movie
>> is there a tool or a product Yan you've
been playing with in AI that you would
recommend or that really interested you
>> I think I just very recently and
probably very late. I came there, but I
started use granola. I think it's such
an amazing tool to just it's so great,
so simple to use. Does such an amazing
job. So, I think that would probably be
the one that comes to mind right now.
>> What AI application or application
category do you think is most likely to
break out in the next 6 to 12 months?
>> I think it's kind of what is this kind
of AI powered internal tooling. I think
there's obviously like this external
part. I think it's going to is a little
bit hard. You have to be very careful
there. But internally you can take much
more risks. We also see that already at
end quite a lot. That's obviously that's
obviously why I'm also excited about it.
>> Yeah. Needless to say, we appreciate you
you know sharing some of your story,
looking into your crystal ball for us
and kind of sharing some of the
perspectives over the last six years.
It's been a privilege for Sequoia to be
a part of it. Um so thank you for having
us on the journey. We look forward to
the future.
>> Thank you very much. Thanks for having
me.
[Music]